28

Heineken
N.V.
Annual
Report
2024

Introduction

Report
of the
Executive
Board

Report
of the
Supervisory
Board

Financial
Statements

Sustainability
Statements

Other
Information <!-- marginalia, from page 0 (l=0.001,t=0.020,r=0.058,b=0.958), with ID e21df33f-8fcc-4a68-9916-d6822895b119 -->

Become the best-connected brewer <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.071,t=0.026,r=0.391,b=0.063), with ID 875bf792-01f4-4afd-be38-558ff90bd860 -->

# Unlocking the value of data

The cornerstone of all value generated by actionable insights, foresights and – of course – AI is a solid foundation of robust, trustworthy data. We have onboarded more than 70 operating companies on DataPrime, our foundational data platform, empowering us to connect data across our business and use it to greater effect, at scale. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.073,t=0.084,r=0.294,b=0.298), with ID 3ea78054-7bdc-4217-b808-6301cd2dad68 -->

Building on this, we advanced our data and AI capabilities in 2024, embedding AI-driven products across our operations and rolling out literacy programmes to ensure adoption. By treating data and insights as a strategic asset, we’re creating AI with measurable impact on business performance. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.074,t=0.302,r=0.288,b=0.420), with ID f5ffdf0c-a3a1-477e-9282-5bc40c521bd0 -->

Data-driven commerce
AI products are transforming our Global Commerce operations, helping us create incremental revenue opportunities and build a winning portfolio. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.074,t=0.427,r=0.289,b=0.515), with ID ee87bcee-fb32-4b1e-8ad8-14ae2afd71a3 -->

Artificial Intelligence Data-Driven Advisor (AIDDA)
predicts the best actions to take with customers,
accelerating the transformation of our sales
representatives into true business advisors. In 2024,
it scaled to eight markets, enhancing productivity
with 490,000 daily customer engagements.
Similarly, Product Recommender, now live in seven
markets, analyses customer preferences and
behaviours, delivering personalised suggestions to
enhance user experience and drive sales on eazle.
Falcon, our image recognition product, simplifies
retail audits by checking planogram compliance.
MERCURY is an AI product that optimises the impact
of marketing spend across brands and channels.
Having put it to use for above and below-the-line
spend across all brands in 2024, it’s delivering
incremental gross profit across three markets. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.074,t=0.520,r=0.290,b=0.837), with ID 39d371db-a6bb-4364-990a-6d7dd05013bf -->

Promo Advisor is our AI product suite for revenue
management that enables the planning, simulation
and optimisation of targeted promotions, boosting
sales and ROI - all aligned with our promo strategy. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.074,t=0.842,r=0.291,b=0.923), with ID d27f25bf-f547-4a9f-9015-364876bb0bd1 -->

Generative AI
We piloted Generative AI (GenAI) with promising results in various areas across HEINEKEN. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.301,t=0.077,r=0.510,b=0.145), with ID 998fc688-6268-4b94-925f-fa7c637806d3 -->

Our Knowledge and Insights Management platform (KIM) unlocks consumer and customer research and insights across all markets, making it easily accessible to our Commerce operations. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.302,t=0.152,r=0.521,b=0.229), with ID ecbcae33-2fb0-4dc7-93c4-bbd4468ba5f6 -->

Hoppy is a GenAI chatbot and integrates data from
multiple internal sources to navigate global
standards, ways of working and processes, boosting
productivity within our Finance teams. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.301,t=0.236,r=0.518,b=0.313), with ID a6e17830-358f-494d-9c94-832b3ff4028f -->

And finally: HeiFi leverages 10 years of data on the consumer-packaged goods (CPG) sector to offer strategic insights to leadership teams for better, quicker decision-making. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.302,t=0.319,r=0.514,b=0.398), with ID 8312ca0a-f12f-41d7-bdf4-0a7f2e8f4cf7 -->

Ethical AI
Our Code of Business Conduct and our AI Ethics Principles offer guardrails to manage our ongoing use of AI and we continuously review our practices as technology evolves. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.301,t=0.406,r=0.512,b=0.513), with ID 81205a6d-6149-4b79-91b8-1681018823d0 -->

Simplifying and automating our end-to-end business

We’re transforming the way we work by digitising, simplifying and automating our end-to-end processes. This commitment drives efficiency, enhances customer experience and keeps us competitive and sustainable for the long term. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.300,t=0.529,r=0.510,b=0.736), with ID f197a93a-28ef-450b-8853-3178a7834ab6 -->

At the heart of this effort is our Connected Brewery programme, which modernises breweries with a future-fit digital ecosystem. By integrating machine data and Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity, Connected Brewery optimises productivity, quality and sustainability while delivering recurring cost savings. It combines Smart Brewery, which connects machines to the cloud to reduce waste and maximise output, with Connected Worker apps that empower operators with tools like QR code scanning for instructions and augmented reality for remote support and problem-solving capabilities. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.528,t=0.076,r=0.747,b=0.302), with ID a0e05318-22e6-4be0-bbb9-20fc517b852b -->

We significantly enhanced Connected Brewery in 2024. A key focus was on further incorporating robotics for crucial shop floor tasks including bringing our first Boston Dynamics Spot into full operation (‘Spot’ is a robotic dog that reduces energy consumption and prevents unplanned downtime through autonomous maintenance inspections to detect air leaks, heat emissions and mechanical anomalies). We also launched our first trials of automated bottle pickers. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.528,t=0.308,r=0.748,b=0.496), with ID 8f077a0c-5c64-45e0-885d-28588732ee23 -->

Summary : This composite figure illustrates the integration of robotics, automation, and digital monitoring in a modern brewing and packaging facility, highlighting the workflow from brewing to packaging, and the supporting infrastructure and utilities.

photo and process diagram:
  
Scene Overview :
  • The top left shows a photo of a Boston Dynamics Spot robot equipped with sensors, walking in an industrial facility, with a worker in a yellow and green uniform operating a tablet.
  • The bottom left includes a close-up of a computer monitor displaying data and system controls.
  • The right side features a stylized process diagram of a brewery, with tanks and pipelines labeled "Brewing," "Utilities," "Packaging," "Robotics," and "Infrastructure."
  • The diagram includes human figures, robots, and wireless connectivity icons, indicating automation and digital monitoring.

Nodes :
  • Brewing (cylindrical tanks)
  • Utilities (vertical tanks with pipes)
  • Packaging (conveyor belt with bottles and robotic arms)
  • Robotics (robotic arms and wireless signals)
  • Infrastructure (server racks or control systems)
  • Connected worker (human figure with wireless icon)

Connectors :
  • Arrows and pipelines connect the nodes in a left-to-right sequence: Brewing → Utilities → Packaging → Robotics → Infrastructure.
  • Wireless signals and human-robot interaction are depicted with icons and lines.

Layout :
  • The process diagram is arranged horizontally, with each stage represented by labeled tanks, conveyors, or equipment.
  • The photo and screenshot are inset in the upper and lower left corners, respectively.

Technical Details :
  • The Spot robot is labeled "Boston Dynamics" and "Heineken."
  • The worker is wearing safety gear and holding a tablet.
  • The computer monitor displays process control software (details not fully legible).

Spatial Relationships :
  • The robot and worker are in the foreground of the photo, with the facility background.
  • The process diagram places brewing at the left, progressing to packaging and infrastructure at the right.

Analysis :
  • The figure emphasizes the use of robotics (Spot robot, robotic arms), digital monitoring (computer interface), and connected workers to enhance automation and efficiency in brewing and packaging.
  • The workflow diagram visually links physical processes (brewing, packaging) with digital infrastructure and human oversight, suggesting a highly integrated, automated production environment.
  • The presence of wireless icons and connected worker imagery highlights the role of real-time data and remote monitoring in modern industrial operations. <!-- figure, from page 0 (l=0.529,t=0.509,r=0.863,b=0.994), with ID ff9c141d-f750-45ec-b396-23c64fd1b97e -->

We linked the programme with Total Productive Maintenance to improve equipment and maintenance reliability and standardised performance reporting across all breweries to cut administration workloads. We also made substantial investments to further enhance our Connected Worker Apps, which now include a personal skills development module for operators. Currently over 80% of our global production workforce has access to these shopfloor tools. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.756,t=0.075,r=0.974,b=0.275), with ID d32408ff-9c32-4697-b9db-94648804cf91 -->

Connected Brewery now operates in over 90 breweries and plays a pivotal role in broader transformation initiatives including Sequoia, HEINEKEN’s leading supply chain programme in Europe. With more than 7,000 connected machines generating billions of data points, Connected Brewery is key to creating the most sustainable and competitive supply chain in Europe. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.756,t=0.283,r=0.975,b=0.434), with ID 9d71af2d-d2eb-4d36-ab3b-3b180e18640c -->

Meanwhile, robotic process automation is streamlining repetitive tasks across all our support functions. In 2024, we saved more than 260,000 working hours - up from 200,000 in 2023 - putting us well on track to achieve our target of 1 million cumulative hours by 2025. This is freeing teams to focus on higher-value activities and scale innovation faster than ever before. <!-- text, from page 0 (l=0.756,t=0.441,r=0.974,b=0.591), with ID 7920b60b-829e-406b-a0b3-2656e587754c -->

Summary : This is an illustration of a smart factory or Industry 4.0 production line, showing interconnected components such as robotics, packaging, analytics, infrastructure, utilities, and control room, with workers and machines communicating via wireless signals.

illustration:
Scene Overview :
  • Depicts a modern automated production line with multiple green-highlighted workers and robotic arms.
  • Key labeled areas: Utilities, Connected worker, Packaging, Robotics, Infrastructure, Control room, Analytics.
  • Wireless communication symbols indicate data exchange between workers, machines, and control systems.
  • A conveyor belt transports green bottles through various automated and manual stations.

Technical Details :
  • No scale bar or magnification; schematic, not to scale.
  • Workers shown interacting with wearable devices and control panels.
  • Analytics area features a large monitor displaying a line and bar graph.
  • Infrastructure area shows server racks or data cabinets.
  • Robotics and packaging areas have yellow robotic arms handling bottles and boxes.

Spatial Relationships :
  • Utilities and connected worker are positioned at the start of the process.
  • Packaging and robotics are distributed along the conveyor belt.
  • Control room and analytics are adjacent, with workers monitoring screens.
  • Infrastructure (servers) is placed near the control room, indicating data centralization.

Analysis :
  • The illustration emphasizes integration of human workers, automation, and data analytics in a connected factory environment.
  • Wireless signals highlight real-time communication and monitoring.
  • The workflow suggests a seamless, data-driven production process with feedback loops between physical operations and digital analytics. <!-- figure, from page 0 (l=0.759,t=0.636,r=0.986,b=0.978), with ID 95e6badb-e816-464a-b7df-62df8cd879e8 -->